Documentation for the back-channel communication (#11837)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/05-technical-reference/svls-08-function-specification.md

| **data** | Either JSON or a string, depending on the request type. Read more about [Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html) in Node.js and [bytes literals](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/lexical_analysis.html#string-and-bytes-literals) in Python. |
| **extensions** | JSON object that can contain event payload, a Function's incoming request, or an outgoing response |

### Event object SDK

> The `event` object is extended by methods making things easier. You can use every method by writing `event.Function_Name(Arguments...)`.

Author: Definitely `ARGUMENTS`. The number of arguments is given in the `Arguments` section in the table and yup, my fault, the method is the same thing as the function. I will change it to the `function`

<div tabs name="signature" group="function-specification">
<details>
<summary label="Node.js">
Node.js
</summary>

| Function Name | Arguments | Description |
|---------------|-----------|-------------|

> | setResponseHeader | key, value | Set a header to the response object based on the given `key` and the `value` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **setResponseHeader** | key, value | Sets a header to the response object based on the given key and the value |
```

> | setResponseContentType | type | Set the `ContentType` header to the response object based on the given `type` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **setResponseContentType** | type | Sets the `ContentType` header to the response object based on the given type |
```

> | setResponseStatus | status | Set the response statuc based on the given `status` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **setResponseStatus** | status | Sets the response status based on the given status |
```

> | publishCloudEvent | event | Publish an CloudEvent to the publisher service based on the given CloudEvent object |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **publishCloudEvent** | event | Publishes a CloudEvent on the publisher service based on the given CloudEvent object |
```

> | buildResponseCloudEvent | id, type, data | Build an CloudEvent object based on the request CloudEvent object and given arguments |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **buildResponseCloudEvent** | id, type, data | Builds a CloudEvent object based on the request CloudEvent object and given arguments |
```

</details>
<details>
<summary label="Python">
Python
</summary>

> | Function | Arguments | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Function name | Arguments | Description |
```or "Method name" (depending on the answer to the question from one of the above comments.)

|----------|-----------|-------------|

> | publishCloudEvent | event | Publish an CloudEvent to the publisher service based on the given CloudEvent object |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **publishCloudEvent** | event | Publishes a CloudEvent on the publisher service based on the given CloudEvent object |
```

> | buildResponseCloudEvent | id, type, data | Build an CloudEvent object based on the request CloudEvent object and given arguments |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **buildResponseCloudEvent** | id, type, data | Builds a CloudEvent object based on the request CloudEvent object and given arguments |
```

| **data** | Either JSON or a string, depending on the request type. Read more about [Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html) in Node.js and [bytes literals](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/lexical_analysis.html#string-and-bytes-literals) in Python. |
| **extensions** | JSON object that can contain event payload, a Function's incoming request, or an outgoing response |

### Event object SDK

The `event` object is extended by functions making some operations easier. You can use every function by providing `event.{FUNCTION_NAME(ARGUMENTS...)}`.

<div tabs name="signature" group="function-specification">
<details>
<summary label="Node.js">
Node.js
</summary>

> | Function Name | Arguments | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Function name | Arguments | Description |
```

|---------------|-----------|-------------|

> | **setResponseHeader** | key, value | Sets a header to the response object based on the given key and the value |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **setResponseHeader** | key, value | Sets a header to the response object based on the given key and value |
```

| **setResponseContentType** | type | Sets the `ContentType` header to the response object based on the given type |
| **setResponseStatus** | status | Sets the response status based on the given status |
| **publishCloudEvent** | event | Publishes a CloudEvent on the publisher service based on the given CloudEvent object |

> | **buildResponseCloudEvent** | id, type, data | Builds a CloudEvent object based on the request CloudEvent object and given arguments |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **buildResponseCloudEvent** | id, type, data | Builds a CloudEvent object based on the request CloudEvent object and the given arguments |
```

</details>
<details>
<summary label="Python">
Python
</summary>

| Function name | Arguments | Description |

> ```or "Method name" (depending on the answer to the question from one of the above comments.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
Remove the line and fix the toggle, please.

|----------|-----------|-------------|
| **publishCloudEvent** | event | Publishes a CloudEvent on the publisher service based on the given CloudEvent object |

> | **buildResponseCloudEvent** | id, type, data | Builds a CloudEvent object based on the request CloudEvent object and given arguments |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **buildResponseCloudEvent** | id, type, data | Builds a CloudEvent object based on the request CloudEvent object and the given arguments |
```

</details>
</div>

### Context object

> The `context` object contains information about the Function invocation, such as runtime details, execution timeout, or memory limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `context` object contains information about the Function's invocation, such as runtime details, execution timeout, or memory limits.
```

| **data** | Either JSON or a string, depending on the request type. Read more about [Buffer](https://nodejs.org/api/buffer.html) in Node.js and [bytes literals](https://docs.python.org/3/reference/lexical_analysis.html#string-and-bytes-literals) in Python. |
| **extensions** | JSON object that can contain event payload, a Function's incoming request, or an outgoing response |

### Event object SDK

> The `event` object is extended by functions making some operations easier. You can use every function by providing `event.{FUNCTION_NAME(ARGUMENTS...)}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `event` object is extended by Functions making some operations easier. You can use every Function by providing the following: `event.{FUNCTION_NAME(ARGUMENTS...)}`.
```
Is `event` an object or an argument? See the **Signature** section -> 

"Functions must accept two arguments that are passed to the Function handler:
- `event`
- `context`"

<div tabs name="signature" group="function-specification">
<details>
<summary label="Node.js">
Node.js
</summary>

| Method name | Arguments | Description |
|---------------|-----------|-------------|
| **setResponseHeader** | key, value | Sets a header to the `response` object based on the given key and value |
| **setResponseContentType** | type | Sets the `ContentType` header to the `response` object based on the given type |
| **setResponseStatus** | status | Sets the `response` status based on the given status |
| **publishCloudEvent** | event | Publishes a CloudEvent on the publisher service based on the given CloudEvent object |
| **buildResponseCloudEvent** | id, type, data | Builds a CloudEvent object based on the `request` CloudEvent object and the given arguments |

</details>
<details>
<summary label="Python">
Python
</summary>

> | Function name | Arguments | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Method name | Arguments | Description |
```
